Eat, eat night cock,
The ruthless family, three talks about traveling and testing chicken,
Every day is the end.
Please be willing to reconcile. These three kinds of cock test,
I can't give you tens of billions of gold.
It is suitable for all ages and can be worn by all ages. You can wear it with your own style.
I don't want it to be less.
eat, eat,
Eat, eat, eat,
Eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat,
Eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat,
eat, eat
These three people are ignorant
This capitation crime is invalid
Quite a correct understanding
Quite correct understanding
I accepted the training order from the four major families.
But you can talk about the tax later
Then you die
Are you sick?
Leave one hundred and one alone and don’t want it
So I'm in a similar team with the three families, you choose
If you want to die, don't make money from our tomb house.
You choose the medicine to save your life
Hurry up and exchange it for him to borrow money.
I want to exchange him for Lian Lian's tomb family.
You are the manager of our graveyard
If you wake up
I left the meeting with him
Then why are you helping the general manager?